{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Thesis Plan\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 ** Denotes sections that have already been drafted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Work on the Thesis Format\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I Need to decide on the visual layout of the thesis and the font that I want to use. I also need to actually get the Latex (I've decided to write it in Latex) document structure in place to write the thesis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 27th December 2015 - 2nd January 2016}}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Chapter 1 - Introduction\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Introduction to crystallography\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This section will contain a general introduction to crystallography.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Why we do it\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab What is involved\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Limitations and alternatives - XFELS, Cryo-EM. Include radiation damage so it flows nicely into the next section.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Radiation Damage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Explain global and specific damage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mitigation of Radiation Damage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Pre experiment}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improving data collection strategies with RADDOSE-3D (DWD) along with a discussion about the history of RADDOSE.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b During experiment}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cryo-cooling\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Scavengers\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Post experiment}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Zero Dose Extrapolation/Damage modelling\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Section on Radiation damage in SAXS experiments (SAXS automation improving, scavengers).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Summary of section\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Brief summary of the chapter (X-ray crystallography and radiation damage)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Thesis Layout\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Explain how the thesis is laid out.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 18th January 2016- 31st January 2016}}: Write the bulk of the section\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 1st June 2016 - 15th June 2016}}: All main research chapters need to be finished so I can come back to this section and write the final piece on the Thesis layout\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Chapter 2 - Dose Metric Analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - The Hamburg Experiment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Aim of the experiment (uniform irradiation) **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Crystallisation protocol **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Data collection **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Data processing - RADDOSE-3D/Sliding window **\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Analysis of DWD metric.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dose Decay Models for \u951? **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sensitivity of \u951? to data processing **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Comparison of DWD performance with and without \u951? **\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Chapter Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Summarise the main points of the chapter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 1st March 2016 - 14th March 2016}}: Write the section for the thesis\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Chapter 3 - Radiation Damage Correction in MX\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Structure Factor Correlations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Give overview of the algorithm\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Conclusions about structure factor correlations\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Regression based RD correction model\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Explain the algorithm **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Limitations of the correction model. **\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Machine Learning based RD correction model\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Explain the algorithm **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Limitations of the correction model.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Chapter Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Summarise the main points of the chapter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i Now - 30th November 2015}}: Work on machine learning algorithm code\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 19th May 2016 - 30th May 2016}}: Write the section for the thesis\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Chapter 4 - RADDOSE-3D\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Error analysis in RADDOSE-3D\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Explain the expected effect that various factors have on the dose values **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Results **\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Extensions to SAXS experiments\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Model of the experiment implemented\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Scavenger work - Rebecca's results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Feedback from users of the SAXS software (Adam Round, Rob Rambo, Sean McSweeney)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Beam deconvolution/image processing\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Diamond beam profile measurements (summer project) **\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Image analysis for background subtraction **\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - RADDOSE-3D GUI\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Design of the GUI\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Strategy comparisons\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Strategy optimisation\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Chapter Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Summarise the main points of the chapter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 1st December 2015 - 7th December 2015}}: Write RADDOSE-3D tests for SAXS code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 1st February 2016 - 14th February 2016}}: Finish work on Beam image analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 15th February 2016 - 15th March 2016}}: Write optimisation algorithm for Data collection strategy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 16th March 2016 - 31th March 2016}}: Write section for thesis\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Chapter 5 - Gas Analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 Subheading - Background\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Mini literature review of the state of knowledge about the gas produced in MX experiments\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Experiment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dialysis tubing protocol\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Beamline modifications for the experiment\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs16 Subheading - Chapter Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Summarise the main points of the chapter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 1st April 2016 - 30th April 2016}}: Attempt another experiment to capture gas and get analysis done.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 1st May 2016 - 19th May 2016}}: Write up section in thesis.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Chapter 6 - Conclusion\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Summary of the major results of the thesis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Limitations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Data correction models\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab RADDOSE-3D - fluorescence escape, photoelectron escape.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Future work to be carried out as a result of the thesis.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Timeline:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i 16th June 2016 - 30th June 2016}}: Write up section in thesis.\sa180\par}
}
